Upgrade note to replace `<img>` tags with `Image` component and introduce ESLint rule (#7402)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

Volto 19 no longer includes automated tests for compatibility with Plone 5.
While it may still work with Plone 5 backends in some cases, we recommend upgrading to Plone 6 for full compatibility and support.

### Image component migration required
```{versionchanged} Volto 19
```

Raw `<img>` tags are now restricted in favor of the centralized `Image` component.

#### What changed

- All `<img>` tags in Volto core have been replaced with the `Image` component from `@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image`.
- A new ESLint rule (`no-restricted-syntax`) now prevents the use of raw `<img>` tags.
- This change prepares the code base for future image URL prefixing functionality.

#### Required action for add-ons

Replace all `<img>` tags with the `Image` component, as shown in the following example.

❌ Before. This code form will now trigger an ESLint error.

```jsx
<img src={imageUrl} alt="Description" className="my-image" />
```

✅ After

```jsx
import Image from '@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image';

<Image src={imageUrl} alt="Description" className="my-image" />
```

#### ESLint rule error message

> The new ESLint rule will show the following error message when you use the `<img>` code form.

Author: @stevepiercy I think `<img> code form` looks weird. Should it be `<img>` tag`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new ESLint rule will show the following error message when you use the `<img>` tag.
```

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/7402/commits/ce83c83bce448b1299bae9c357e24beb6f263424

While it may still work with Plone 5 backends in some cases, we recommend upgrading to Plone 6 for full compatibility and support.

> 
> ### Image Component Migration Required
> ```{versionchanged} Volto 19
> ```
> 
> **Breaking Change**: Raw `<img>` tags are now restricted in favor of the centralized `Image` component.

Reviewer: I'd like this to be a little more prominent. I think we should place all breaking changes at the top of the Upgrading guide for each version, under a new heading. @sneridagh @pnicolli what do you think about this bit?

````suggestion

### Breaking changes

This section describes the breaking changes in Volto 19, and how to handle each one.

#### Image component migration required
```{versionchanged} Volto 19
```

Raw `<img>` tags are now restricted in favor of the centralized `Image` component.
````

#### What Changed

- All `<img>` tags in Volto core have been replaced with the `Image` component from `@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image`
- A new ESLint rule (`no-restricted-syntax`) now prevents the use of raw `<img>` tags
- This change prepares the codebase for future image URL prefixing functionality

#### Required Action for Add-ons

**Replace all `<img>` tags with the `Image` component:**

```jsx
// ❌ Before (will now trigger ESLint error)
<img src={imageUrl} alt="Description" className="my-image" />

// ✅ After
import Image from '@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image';

<Image src={imageUrl} alt="Description" className="my-image" />
```

> #### ESLint Rule Details
> 
> The new ESLint rule will show this error:
> ```
> Use the Image component from '@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image' instead of <img> tag.
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
##### ESLint rule error message

The new ESLint rule will show the following error message when you use the `<img>` code form.

```console
Use the Image component from '@plone/volto/components/theme/Image/Image' instead of <img> tag.
```
````
